Day 1: We cannot lose hope. We must try to remain positive and live each day with this disorder.
Day 2: As you get older in life, it’s better to be in pain than to rust, to overuse than not to use; just keep exercising and accept the mainly positive consequences.
Day 3: Being physically fit is a choice. Exercise your brain, heart, and body. Do it for your whole life-wellness.
Day 4: Live each day; your disorder does not own you. Make every new day better; always remember, you are still in charge.
Day 5: There will always be events in your life that are memorable. Yet, it is the day-to-day events, the mundane the usual the everyday times that will add-on and build your life, happiness, and success. Every day, every hour, every minute, they all matter.
Day 6: Don’t stop believing in your potential and your focus on excellence. Don’t ever lose hope, and never give up on you.
Day 7: Parkinson’s will never stop for a break; you must never give in or give up. If this disorder keeps going, you must keep going even stronger. Stay focused, persistent, and determined.
Day 8: What matters the most in life-events is not whether you won or lost (they’ll always be winners and losers) but the thoughtful and caring manner of your effort. 
Day 9: In the dark, your voice provides the directions onward. In the darkness, your heart lights the path out. In the depth of darkness, your love answers the call and rings the bell of truth and honor.
Day 10: Under any life-circumstance, try to make something good from a difficult experience.
Day 11: I loved you yesterday. I love you now, today. I will love you the next day, tomorrow; a promise, as will the sun also rise in the morning.
Day 12:
I was gathering my thoughts today on loving you.
I was gathering my dreams today on loving you.
I was gathering my hopes today on loving you.
I was gathering my future (years) today on loving you.
I was gathering my feelings today on loving you.
Thoughts, dreams, hopes, future (years), and feelings for you, and I felt you in my heart.
I was gathering much today, all in favor of loving you, and truly being loved by you.
Day 13: Love someone such that there’s no doubt in your mind when you wake up the next morning of their feelings.
Day 14: When I say I love you, I mean it so much. When I say I care for you, I mean it from the bottom of my heart. When I do most things in my life that requires me to think deeply, you are always part of that deep thought, you really are part of the fabric of my life.
Day 15: Don't give up, don't ever stop. Don't lose momentum by waiting for credit or validation because if you're doing great, just keep going and don't give up or lose hope.
Day 16: Always remember to be positive. Be thoughtful. Be clear during times of confusion. Be mindful. Always strive to be grateful. Be supportive. Be strong during moments of weakness. Be hopeful.
Day 17: If you want to be like Michael Jordan, always remember his words "It started with hope." To me that says, work harder than anyone else, take it forward, stay focused, use your natural-talent to your best interest, and never lose hope.
Day 18: The little nagging pain when you stretch in the morning combined with those increasingly common age-related ego-bruising body-injuries. Take care of your body at the same time; live your life being positive, strong, and always caring for others.
Day 19: How you respond to adversity establishes a life-pattern. Hopefully, the result strengthens your resolve to be positive, keep learning, and never to lose your grasp on hope.
Day 20: Keep working. Keep thinking. Keep hope alive. Stay motivated. Stay positive. Stay active. There is always more to do and improve.
Day 21: Positivity is the key that opens the door into a house without any lights on. Hope is the switch that turns on the lights as you enter that same dark house.
Day 22: Be an inspiration for other people with Parkinson’s such that they might say, because of you, I did not give up.
Day 23: We start a new journey every day. And while the destinations vary from day to day, the collective paths will ultimately accumulate to be the road of our life.
Day 24: Challenging times lead to challenging decisions. Embrace the challenge and trust your instincts to make the best decision.
Day 25: Some days they’ll be clouds and rain in your life, and you’ll forget these times. In its place, stay focused, don’t panic, breathe and stay calm, and keep moving forward. This collective and sustained effort will bring the sunshine with you.
Day 26: You are still in charge of the script of your life. Your task is to compose the most hopeful and helpful storyline and then live it the way you want.
Day 27: The current moment was a gift to you. Your life is composed of many such moments. Be mindful of this time. Enjoy it. Embrace it. Live it fully.
Day 28: As the sun rises this morning, do something that is meaningful today that will make you proud tomorrow.
Day 29: You are always learning. You are always growing. You take positive from negative. You build strength from weakness. Your heart expands as you experience loving relationships. You create hope from moments of doubt. The strengths of your character positively evolve as you live through your life.
Day 30: Live your life with a prism reflecting rays of hope. Keep your life in the present moment by balancing the past and future. And strive to give others support by sharing your courage, compassion, knowledge, and love.